The following a brief outline of the reasons for this project, what it allows you to do, etc. until a more detailed documentation is availabe. Since most of the changes are build related (i.e. the source code is the same as upstream), the best way is to look for changes to the pom.xml file.

This repository was created because the upstream project:
* Is not releasing newer [builds](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/ca/uhn/hapi/fhir/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter/) to Maven Central.
* Snapshot builds are made to OSS, but they're effectively empty. See the content [here](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/ca/uhn/hapi/fhir/hapi-fhir-spring-boot-starter/)
* Is a mix of Spring Boot configuration can can be reused as a Jar dependency, a build configuration to generate a War and other application containers to run a HAPI instance, and a minimal customization of the upstream Starter project.  These different aspects of the upstream project can be separated into different Maven artifacts to be reused by other projects that would like to build on this work without having to take the clone and customize approach.
* Generating a Spring Boot repackaged War (i.e. a Spring Boot executable Jar) is an optional build that is activated with a boot profile and a variation of the mvn command.

This project exists to address the above issues by:

* For each upstream release, a branch is created in this repository for a custom build of that release.
  * The branch naming pattern is `vx.x.x-bx`
  * The default GitHub branch is the latest build branch, once it's setup.
* The Maven groupId is changed to allow deployment to my namespace.
  * For now only [snapshot deployments](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/essaid/fhir/hapi/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter-build/) are being made.
* The version is set to reflect the upstream version, with a build qualifier. Think of the build qualifier as a "sub-version" for this project to bump if another  build is needed for an upstream release version, and it should be a separate artifact in order to avoid breaking projects that depend on a specific build version.
  * So far there's only been `x-b1` versions.
* The POM build type is changed to Jar type. A Jar, sources, and javadoc are release for the Java source code (i.e. the Spring Boot configuration). This Jar artifact can be depended on as a library by other projects that want to use the Spring Boot configuration in their own Spring Boot applications.
* A repackaged Spring Boot executable War file is generated by default, and the starter dependency is a top dependency (i.e. it is not in a profile).
  * The War is not the main artifact (the Java Jar is), it is not attached to the build, and its name is qualified with -boot. So, after a build, you'll see the executable as `target/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter-build-6.8.0-b1-SNAPSHOT-boot.war`
  * This is a Spring Boot executable Jar. You can run it with `java -jar target/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter-build-6.8.0-b1-SNAPSHOT-boot.war` and HAPI will run as usual.
* The small customization of the HAPI tester War overlay is packaged and deployed as its own overlay. This artifact: `target/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter-build-6.8.0-b1-SNAPSHOT-starter-overlay.war`
* Another War overaly directory is set up under `src/main/webapp-build` to override the HAPI and the Starter overlays to incorporate a few fixes. This overlay is built and deployed as `target/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter-build-6.8.0-b1-SNAPSHOT-build-overlay.war`. This overlay is currently empty, but I will be reimplementing some customization I implemented in another project to allow the tester to work at a web app sub context, and to work while running/debugging in an IDE. The tester is currently hardcoded to the ROOT web app context, and it breaks when running from an IDE.
* Various other pom.xml changes to redirect dependency group and artifact references, version references, class duplications, etc. to have a clean build.
  * For example, you can see [example pom.xml changes in this commit](https://github.com/ShahimEssaid/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter-build/commit/66440c4dc45da58358572d33b6089df0363c325a#diff-9c5fb3d1b7e3b0f54bc5c4182965c4fe1f9023d449017cece3005d3f90e8e4d8)
  * My changes are mostly commented on with a `SE:` prefix.
* Two assembly descriptors created to build the two overlays.
* Upstream GitHub workflows moved and a new Maven build added.
* Maven Wrapper setup.